I have a small problem do you guys
remember the ultimate gaming minivan
well ever since MSI repossessed the
laptops that we used to build it it's
more of an ultimate minivan I also have
a big problem I promised my kids that
over the long weekend they would have a
gaming minivan for our trip to greatwolf
Lodge the long weekend's
tomorrow and there's so much more wrong
with it than just the missing computers
the screens fell off the cables broke we
don't have any way for the middle child
poor middle child to even see the
screens we had in there there's no time
to lose sponsor segue War Thunder you
got to admit it would be pretty cool to
fly a jet or drive a tank well War
Thunder's gameplay is about as close as
you can get from the comfort of your own
home sounds cool play free at the link
below in the event of a crash the last
thing we would want is a giant monitor
mount designed by Alex hey for the kids
to come flying into so we ended up
sourcing this
retrofitted incar display that we're
going to put here so that uh that one
doesn't end up with a syndrome wait but
Dad will we still be able to play games
together absolutely you'll be able to
play games together in fact you will
only be able to play games together
instead of having three separate
computers we're going to have one
computer and it's all going to be wired
up to this so you guys will pick what
game you're going to play together and
you will all play but you'll have your
own screens to look at if I want to play
by myself if you want to play by
yourself then you have to convince the
girls that you're the only one who's
allowed to use it for a bit second
computer a twers computer and a
oneperson computer you guys are the
choosiest little
Beggars no you get one computer for now
second computer Alex you're not
helping this feels like a hostage
negotiation anyway this display is from
a company called Extron
it's TN but it's one of the better tn's
that I've seen so we're going to say
it's good enough as long as we can get
it mounted in kind of a reasonable spot
so what's a good kind of location for
you like are you thinking kind of there
right there why do I even ask children
things the good location's right here oh
so it's dictated by where the plate to
mount it to is under here yeah uh it's
getting attached to the B pillar that
goes up and across and stuff got it so
before we do this one thing attaching
this requires cutting a hole in the
liner up here what are we waiting for
who wants to do it
me please please me oh I think we got a
volunteer unfortunately unlike the DJI
units that we put in Emily's camper van
this ecoflow unit uses some proprietary
adapter for its AC input so I don't have
it um I guess is there any reason that
we couldn't work on this out in the
driveway no that seems fine okay let's
get the the solar panels going do you
have sunscreen uh theoretically the
second I pull out into the sun here my
input's going to hey look at that okay
we're charging boys now that we've got
power worked out you guys wanted to help
with this today right yeah so we need to
get you guys assignments who wants to
help build and install the computer me
okay get out of here who wants to help
install the screen me okay see you later
who wants to be my big helper my moral
support animal me
wonderful now for the fun one who wants
my daughter's help I'll take it all
right so Justin you're on getting the
computer installed in the back and Alex
you get my son and let's get the screen
started all right heck yeah as for us
we're going to work on cable management
you remember those cables that broke off
on the old screens those were poopy
cables they were bad so we're going to
use type- C instead but using type c out
of a desktop is a little bit more
challenging than you might think because
while these monitors support display
port over USB type-c they use display
port alt mode which means that if you
just output from a regular graphics card
he no working and so that's why we went
with a 20 series card because it
supports VR length through this type-c
connector here perfect native output
just type-c to type-c Cable of course
that only handles one one of our
displays and two of them are still going
to use these type-c inputs
so we chose a motherboard with a type-c
output cloning the display across your
dedicated GPU and your integrated GPU
can have a slight performance penalty
but realistically they're going to be
playing what like Castle Crashers yeah
Ultimate Chicken horse it should be okay
as for the final display it does have
fulls sizee HDMI which is fantastic not
so fantastic it also has power because
no USB type-c so we have to figure out
how to run that through here somehow I
guess these come off I don't know it's
sorry what those come off yeah oh to to
put power through it
yeah um okay and are they going to go
back on these will go back on great what
happens up here we will
see
no okay darling so you see where we've
got these cables from last time yeah
these are all poo poo so what we're
going to do instead is we're going to
run these cables down the same spots
okay okay can you handle that yeah so we
got to take all of this off and then so
you got to find those down there and
pull them out oh you know what it be
really smart though hold on hold
on if we were really smart you know what
we would do is we would tape the new
cable to the old cable and then when we
pull it out we're going to feed our new
cable right in think you can do that are
you that smart yeah okay let's get you
some tape and D doop good enough ah okay
now go find the bottom of this one and
start yanking on
it nice perfect now you just got to take
that tape off good job or wait you know
what no we can use it to keep pulling
let's go all the way to the back and see
if we can find it here this is the one
we want so you got to pull this here and
I'm going to help feed it through okay
oh wo hold on wait did we get it the end
yet oh that is not quite long enough hey
Alex yeah are these cables intended to
be long enough to reach up to the
headrests uh which ones uh the type C's
I think so Justin says he doesn't have
longer type c's for the front seats my
solution to that oh no was to have this
just kind of exist somewhere in the
middle oh
oh so you can go from traditional
display port to display port alt mode
but what you need is an active adapter
and this is one of the little VR Port
boxes that comes with vario varo highend
really nice professional VR headsets
it's a little less clean than the direct
USBC run that we had intended and it
means there was no reason to use a 20
series Nvidia card anymore but hey at
least it means we're not up the creek
without a paddle right
kids what since we're going to be
playing around where some side curtain
airbags are we're just not going to take
any risks so battery is getting
disconnected right here and then we
don't have to worry about uh those
airbags exploding in our faces you're
welcome fortunately the built-in cables
just barely reach where our front cable
gets to and just barely reach the back
of the computer so what we need to do
now is get this cable managed so that it
doesn't move all right do you want to
break your parents van yeah most of car
interior work is just pulling on things
and hoping that the little plastic Clips
on the inside don't break so uh do you
want to just pull on this as hard as you
can and it'll probably come
off yeah there we go come there we
go oh that escalated quickly yeah he
pulled it off oh okay all right we've
got our two boxes now we just need to
decide where the optimal place is to
mount them so that we can reach them
with our cables from the front let's go
figure out where those cables are going
to land why can't we just drill a big
Square over here oh we will but we need
to get the water
up and in so it's nice and tidy are you
guys thinking like we can just fish it
through yeah oh well that'll be fine
then right yeah oh well why were you
freaking me out about the fabric at the
top because we just need to take it out
a little bit here and it's Headliners
just never go back in the same oh I see
yeah okay why don't we run another one
of these cables okay okay you got it
yeah keep going keep going okay that's
good okay let's see how much slack we've
got got once again we have just barely
enough room we're going to mount this I
don't know here or something and then
these are just going to make their way
around to the back of the PC perfect
just like we
planned what are those these are the
brackets that hold it down so that way
when you guys are driving and hitting
bumps and stuff like that the computer
doesn't go flying around so these here
are 3D printed brackets they are printed
at 100% fill in ptg so it should be nice
and strong shouldn't go anywhere while
she's installing the computer sort of uh
let's talk about the specs we went with
something pretty mid-range it's a ryzen
5 5600 so this is last gen ryzen 16 gigs
of T Force memory a P5 SSD and okay the
motherboard's a little high-end it's an
x570 board from Asus but that's just cuz
we had that kicking around the reality
of it is we don't want anything that's
going to draw a ton of power or kick out
a ton of heat because once we have the
top cover on here it's a pretty confined
space that was one of the justifications
for laptops last time this is a cool
addition though this was actually
created by a viewer it's from markz from
cosmic goo.com and it's a little IR
receiver that can be used with pretty
much any programmable IR remote to turn
a PC on and off so we're going to be
giving it a try wait IR how's that going
to be that useful inside the trunk of a
car well we're going to have to have it
running outside the car um it does come
with some pretty long wires as it is but
we might have to go a little bit longer
and maybe stick it to the roof or
something on the inside of the car not
the outside I see
okay I do wonder if at that point it
might have been easier for us to just
press the button but okay sure you know
what we're shouting out Mark Z and if
the solution is a little weird then
blame Mark Z this is the mounting plate
for the middle Monitor and it is sharp
as heck you will actually cut yourself
if you touch it the wrong way so uh
deburing tool Linus's kid gets to learn
how to use one he he didn't give
consent one thing you might think would
be smart would be wearing gloves while
doing this that's a really bad idea if
you touch your hand against it maybe you
have a bit of a bad hour you have to put
on a Band-Aid if a glove gets caught in
it and gets pulled off you're you're
having a bad month or
so why is that there that is there so
that we can take this little adapter box
and stick it there so it won't go
anywhere what's this this is a wireless
router what does it do well it does a
couple of things in our application it's
going to take the 4G Puck that we have
and it's going to distribute networking
to everything what's the 4G Puck that's
going to give us internet when we're in
the car we had wanted to put starlink on
the roof of the car what starlink it's
um like satellite internet that you can
have anywhere but they didn't have the
new like really small one that they have
now back when we built this so we didn't
get starlink oh so we're just going to
use a 4G Pock what does that do that
does oh it apparently is a button I have
I have no idea maybe we're breaking it
good gravy this is the chunkiest puck I
think I've ever seen we're not going to
need that MSI thing in there anymore we
could just run a little switch off of
this thing okay perfect never mind uh
that's going to go so we can take that
out if I'm honest I don't know how I
feel about having a kid just put an Ula
knife through the roof of a car um
that's okay but that's what line is said
to do so how you feel yeah I just like
poke it yeah
there we go
nice oh there we go heck yeah I did it
we can see the B pillar right there we
are golden I scratched this part that's
fine no one's going to see it oh wow
what a mostly even hole you've cut it's
okay it's going to get much bigger that
was just to see what's on the go Mr
Justin I may have a task that you're
uniquely qualified for this doesn't use
Keyhole mounts like our magnetic Cable
Management would like for it to use but
it does have these little slide
in feet things I see how hard would it
be to make them out for that it's not
okay I'll get on her may I has mhm let's
do it okay okay I'll just hold on to
this
104 perfect this looks great but is
there a reason we used double-sided tape
rather than the slides uh yes because if
I went with the right thickness of
material that would allow it to slide
the little feet stick out and then you
got a big bump and right AC it would be
so flimsy anyway all right let's screw
it in I'm going to put this kind
up right here cuz I'm thinking the
closer I can get these antennas to at
least a window rather than the metal
chassis of the vehicle the better so I'm
kind of I'm kind of feeling this Vibe
they are antennas okay keep going a
little more little
more okay yeah that's good good job all
right awesome this is my favorite
technique for getting stuff through
confined little areas you just zip tie a
zip tie to the end of it and then add
some Tesa tape so it gets through kind
of easily it'll probably work just fine
all right I'm going to try and fish this
through can you try and grab it in there
when it starts showing up assuming it
does heck yeah there we go pretty big
moment now I've got the power adapter
for our second VR box so I'm just going
to go ahead and get this Plugged In
which means all we've got to do is flip
the switch on our computer oh sure you
have an IR emitter on your phone red
magic 9 has one brand new phone still
has it wow okay and what I just press
the power button yep T that is awesome
computer's powered up which means you
two girls can go plug those monitors
into the front and let's see if we get a
signal to them go for it as cool as our
programmable IR button is though I think
that what I'm leaning toward is just
extending these two wires that are
coming off of the power button on the
computer and just putting it power
button in the front I uh I don't have a
blaster on my phone and I don't have any
obvious way to hit this unless we like
install an array of mirrors to yeah
Zelda Zelda dungeon it um Okay cool so
can we do that yeah yeah quick and easy
problem okay perfect it turned on yay
wait do you guys see an out from the
computer it said it says 12% 12% oh no
yeah yeah yeah but there's a Windows
background that's all we care about it
just turned off yeah it's at
0% oh okay's power this
on okay it's powered on Republic of
Gamers yeah I know it's hey look at that
we've got both of them now
excellent we definitely should have done
all of the cutting before throwing the
cables through that was an
oversight look how bad of a job you did
last time perfect than his writing it's
going to look so good it's Perfecter
than his drawing he sticking out we just
rip it there we go yay hey all right put
the blade away there's
holes in the slots that I wanted for
there to be not holes so we can
observation getting griefed by
children how are we feeling about right
there do we have any way of telling if
it wait Alex that's not centered you
know that right Alex we can move it over
a
bit okay right there okay you want to
hold it I'm going to try okay going to
do one R oh this is going to be so tough
Oh I thought you said it was great and
super fantastic Alex Alex you're saying
that it's not right now I mean I'm not
saying anything do you want to do the
honors Len oh yeah perfect where do I
drill it you are determining right now
whether this will be centered or not and
you can't even put your glasses on
upside right this is the right way
little bit more
all right we didn't go through roof
that's
great time to pick where you want it oh
okay well let's go find a spot I'm going
to regret it if it isn't somewhere where
the kids can reach it yep okay let's
just put it up here on the floor okay
fil so whatever you do don't fart
Alex Oh I really wish I had
one so it's very important that this
goes in straight here I'll do the one
that's I'll do this one so that if we
still have this one it's finer yeah uh
three was already kind of the minimum my
son what could go wrong we've got a
12-year-old tapping uh the tap could
break why is it called he could strip it
rhetorical question he could go in
sideways rhetorical question I think he
might have done it he didn't do it he
did do it oh okay
sure great he did it of course something
went wrong power button test
is it off Justin it is off okay then it
works all right it's just going to hang
here shouldn't we use a screwdriver for
that uh yes oh what did Alex oh it's
both of you now the safety glasses on
wrong
unbelievable okay here we go so the HDMI
input is just on the side yeah why so if
I don't misunderstand this then all this
crap just sits up there
yep okay no one's going to see it yeah
we'll just kind of stuff it in here I
feel like that's the gold ones this is
going to be really hard to line up gold
ones I believe in you Alex is it long
enough I think it's long enough it's
just going to be hard to hit wait did we
nail
it say let
go no no not even oh wow know we were
super close
might be right there oh that's under
promising yeah I'm I'm Letting Go it's
not coming down I think we got it I
think we got it how's that looking I
mean good enough it's as good as it's
going to be because it's into a plate
that's in a fixed position well but we
can like lightly move the plate oh I see
check this out big moment guys peels
coming off who pro professional
buddy only took two tries
all right not bad not bad that looks
sick you can't even tell there's a big
ugly HDMI cable sticking out of the side
that is legitimately kind of cool though
because it means that at a moment's
notice you could just plug anything you
want into it yeah kind of Handy kind of
cool like if someone's sitting there
with a a switch OLED or something and
they want to just share their screen
connect another controller for a second
player boom you just keep playing on
your handheld and there you go
get the whole van playing like six kids
all playing smash BRS you totally could
all right let's put the car back
together yeah I should test if that
internet Puck works I'm going to do that
okay we got internet let's
check googly Chrome uh sure Web Store
hey nice okay we've got internet and one
display progress yay Andrew what do you
think are the odds this just works
uh 80
80 oh come on man doing a quick test run
with them just Twisted together here we
go is that screen going to turn on let's
find out
and ah uh-oh that is not powered oh
there's a remote I mean the light's not
on though oh the light's not on uh-huh
uh hold on maybe I did it wrong no you
did that right uh-oh Alex did you tie
the accessory in to the voltage okay
time for some probation
volts that's bad that is really bad okay
if I support this yeah I got it do you
want to have see if you can grab the
cable harness stuff yeah do you think we
just didn't get the wios on properly
that's my vote I'm voting for that
Justin says power supply I say wos you
got any
guesses I can see the problem already
what accessory wire isn't wired into the
positive there's no wi going to the
positive oh what's this
ACC yeah so you need both uh yeah BCC
and accessory H oh
okay well that's good
yeah that was a relatively Quick Fix oh
Von come around the other side what do
you think of the center monitor yeah she
just told me what what do you mean she
just told you look at her drawing her
puzzle drawing
yeah I didn't know that you guys were
putting one in but well we are yeah oh
wait you're upset about the hole in the
roof oh well you'll never see it cuz
this will be there last time when you
guys worked on the car I was driving and
the car just stopped working there was
no more power yeah very dangerous yes
are we going to have the same issue no
oh no are you sure oh yeah okay that
wasn't me also that was
someone a BMW Enthusiast in all honesty
if you weren't trying to make a video
and have your three kids help you you
could probably do an install of one of
these in couple hours I'd say maybe an
hour really okay but I'm I'm buffering
Alex yeah I came up with how long I
thought thought it would take and then I
doubled it yeah two hours I mean you've
read the YouTube comments I no offense
some of you are could probably do it in
an hour just fine but a lot more
probably think they could do it in an
hour yeah oh yeah hey y look at that it
has no apps uh that's okay we can fix
that wow that image quality is not great
sorry middle
child she has the bigger screen though
that's what you get for being the middle
but it's farther
away also I don't think it's bigger it's
smaller if anything okay let's put the
third screen on shall we yeah all right
oh here's the remains of that micro HDMI
cable there it goes like everything else
in this car hey hey hey come on we're
doing great here can you not triplicate
a display is that not a thing okay so uh
how are you supposed to do this again uh
you click set up multiple displays yeah
and then you right click on the display
you want to duplicate and then select
clone with and then choose the displays
you want to
duplicate uh-huh that was UN necessarily
complicated agreed but yes we got it
heck yeah all right you guys want to try
a game yeah yeah all right let's do it
Alex do you want to help me guide this
bad boy in for the last dish time for a
wildish look at that it looks all proper
professional sort of yeah wow this whole
setup is actually drawing less power
than this late afternoon sun is
inputting we're around 170 watts output
and we're at around 200 Watts input for
all the trials and tribulations the end
result is actually oh yeah really good I
mean it looks sick it legitimately does
and it has way more flexibility than
we're even taking advantage of now
second computer okay we do have the
ability now that we have those little
adapter boxes to display port alt mode
in the back to put up to three computers
in without any
difficulties but hey they can play games
together it wouldn't kill them they're
siblings right you guys love each other
right I
won and I love telling you about our
sponsor War Thunder now you too can blow
a tank to Smither in a video game War
Thunder features immersive player versus
player combat with an emphasis on the
realistic details of over 2,000 vehicles
to the point where every single war
machine is modeled after its real world
counterpart pilot some of the most
famous tanks planes and ships from
multiple eras of warfare and if the
gameplay seems too intimidating War
Thunder has game modes to make starting
as a newcomer a lot smoother there's
built-in tools like the damage x-ray
view that will let you see how and where
you damaged enemy vehicles to help you
strategize after each round War Thunder
is available on PC Mac PlayStation and
Xbox and you can start playing for free
right now alongside over 70 million
other players just click our link below
and you can get started right now if you
guys enjoyed this video you might enjoy
the one where we Decked Out Emily from
the editing Department's camper van
freaking shirro okay look at his wheels
have you seen his new Wheels yet he
needs the stickers he needs he needs the
donut for them ew or you can check out
shad's AMD ultimate Tech
upgrade tasteful